15.
Nighttime in Russia
YouTube channel illustrated magazine published
yet another crazy Russian video in November
of 2013.
Get ready for it.
A highway in the darkness of night.
Some light music.
Headlights.
The road.
And then, out of nowhere…
Why an enormous bundle of sticks blasted into
the middle of the road at that moment, who
knows.
All I know is that this driver is a pro.
He kept his wits about him enough to not overcorrect,
even though this clearly scared him as much
as it did us.
Probably, more so.
While this could have been a falling branch
or tree, the right side of the road seems
to be clear of trees, and the branches appear
to be chucked straight down onto the highway.
This was certainly a terrifying event, and
with no explanation.
We may never know who threw those sticks.
14.
Near Overturn
This is another amazing yet scary save, published
by Life Trucking in May of 2017.
Watch as a car, driving alongside a semi,
comes closer to loss of life than they likely
ever imagined.
As the two drive parallel down the highway,
the semi is passing the vehicle when suddenly
its cargo tips.
The big rig goes up on its left wheels.
Those in the car must have been suprised to
see the semi nearly toppling onto them, before
the driver manages to return the big rig to
its regular balance.
Although surprisingly scary, this driver’s
magical maneuver is worth applauding.
13.
Between Two Coal Trucks
EDUARDO ORTEGA published this scary episode
in February of 2012.
As you can see, it’s a foggy day with limited
visibility ahead.
That is, until you spot two sets of headlights
heading toward the driver, occupying both
lanes.
One of the truckers had attempted to pass
the other and was now in the dash cam driver’s
lane.
Predicting a terrible incident waiting to
happen, one of the opposite coal truck drivers
slows down, veering off the roadway and onto
the hard shoulder.
The other doesn’t seem to move out of the
way in the slightest.
Still, the expert trucker manages to thread
the needle and make it through.
The drive cam is even more entertaining, as
you can see the driver look back in disbelief.
He’d just come face-to-face with losing
his life and saw the other side.
Although he has himself to thank for a quick
and clean maneuver, he could give the opposite
trucker a pat on the back for his knee-jerk
reaction in taking his big rig off the road
and out of commission.
12.
Russian Truckers vs Highway Bandits
YouTuber SomewhereInRussia published this
roadside nightmare in September of 2012.
In the video description, he writes: “Author
of the video stopped his truck on the road
to change the wheel.
3 bandits in blue Lada tried to get ~$100
out of trucker for ‘crossing their territory’.”
As you can see in the footage, the semi is
idling, while the trucker is likely changing
the wheel, as the YouTuber stated.
You can see him walk up the road to pick something
up off the ground, walk back, and get in his
vehicle as the phone rings.
When he answers it, you see the blue Lada
pull up alongside him.
A man in a tracksuit approaches the driver’s
side door.
Next, you can hear the trucker radio for help
and, soon enough, two other big rigs heed
his call.
Not sure what is said in the back-and-forth,
but a little later, the driver exits his rig
to confront the bandits alongside his fellow
drivers.
Holding a metal pipe, he walks toward the
group, which has grown from one to more than
half a dozen.
It seems some of these men are from the bandit
group, while the others are truckers who have
managed to block the Lada and its bandits
in.
Confrontation kicks off amongst the group.
After the would-be bandit has been thoroughly
pummeled, about a half dozen men are seen
heaving the Lada, which is parked on the side
of the road, until it rolls onto its roof.
It’s lucky the truckers banded together,
because it seems they’re better together.
The bandits lost.
This time.
11.
Wrong Way
This one is unfortunately fact, not fiction.
On the northbound M40 in Oxfordshire, UK,
someone was headed southbound.
Directly into traffic.
The car and caravan, which were reported to
have “foreign plates,” flew down a five-mile
stretch of the motorway.
Other drivers swerved out of the way of the
car/caravan combo.
The Subaru Forester, towing the caravan, ended
up driving into a couple vehicles, which took
the life of one of the drivers, who was thirty
years old, along with the driver and passenger
of the Subaru, both in their eighties.
This trucker’s dash cam footage shows the
Subaru heading in the opposite direction of
all the other northbound vehicles at the time.
Moments later, the ride would come to a sad
end.
Police were already on their way, having received
reports that someone was driving the wrong
way down the motorway…and then later receiving
further updates about the event.
10.
Nightmare Alley
This video, published by Dash Cam Owners World
in April of 2018, shows what it’s like to
cross paths with something not only unexpected…but
altogether surreal.
The driver is cruising across some backroads,
no other light source in view but his own
headlights when, all of a sudden, on the right
side of his lane, a woman dressed in white
comes into view.
On the ground, a dark streak draws a path
to where she stands, as if something wet stains
the road.
Her right hand is making a jabbing motion.
The driver screams in fright and quickly backs
out of there, as the deranged woman wanders
aimlessly towards him.
He keeps backing away, faster and faster,
until the ghost woman is no longer in view.
Some commenters think this must be real.
Others suggest the lady is one of the “black-eyed
kids” that you hear so much about.
Still others think it was a prank gone too
far.
Whether real or not, if I ran into this at
night, I would surely panic.
9.
Crazy Face
JoeRobTV showcases another fright in the dark
of night.
Published in September of 2017, Joe wrote
that this happened around 9PM at night although
he didn’t mention the location.
In the clip, Joe says there was someone walking
in the distance that looked incredibly sketchy.
Then he spots him.
He says the guy is just standing there, beneath
the sign at the side of the road.
He flashes his brights, and the figure finally
comes into view.
It appears to be a guy, dressed in a black
t-shirt and dark jeans.
The driver says he seems to be wearing a mask.
The mask isn’t clear, but something does
seem to be wrong with the drifter’s face.
And as the guy slowly drives past, the figure
approaches, coming toward the passenger side
door, as the driver shouts in terror.
Some YouTubers think this grotesque thing
is a demon.
Others, of course, think it’s a prank.
But one comment stood out from the rest.
Erick Cantú Aguilar from Mexico City said
he came searching for answers after seeing
something similar.
In his own words: “One day I was walking
by the street with a friend of mine, we passed
under a bridge and we both saw something identical
to this being!”
He said that he knows that most probably won’t
believe him, but finding the same type of
figure online was strange.
At least we know Joe got away from this pseudo
demon.
The video made it to the Internet, after all.
8.
Bouncy Castle
While bouncy castles are good fun, there’s
no fun and games on the open road.
Published by lacarse in April of 2016, this
dash cam shows the damage that a bouncy castle
is capable of.
Yet another savvy truck driver shows off his
skills with quick enough reflexes and foresight
to prevent something seriously bad.
The footage shows a nighttime drive along
the busy interstate.
Lots of folks are on the road, clipping away
at a pretty steady pace.
Then, suddenly, in the middle of one lane
appears a large purple tarp - or what looks
to be a deflated bouncy castle.
The vehicle in front of the trucker goes around
the obstacle, which appeared on the I-40E
near Nashville, Tennessee, according to the
video’s description.
But, instead of simply dodging the tarp like
all the others flying down the interstate,
the trucker pulls over, gets out of his car,
and attempts to pull the object off the road
and onto the shoulder.
Apparently, the bouncy castle is pretty heavy,
because the trucker has a hard time dragging
it, while dozens of cars pass him by, unable
to spare a thought to help.
Regardless, he finally manages to remove it
fully from the lane, gets back in his truck,
and is on his merry way again.
Future drivers down the I-40E have this competent
trucker to thank for his action.
7.
Robber Recovery
Red Pill published the clip in August of 2015.
The semi’s dash cam footage captures a man
pull over his car in front of the big rig,
which was parked on the side of the road.
The trucker was apparently absent from the
cab at the time, perhaps fixing a wheel.
The man approaches the passenger’s side
door, likely scoping the semi out, and then,
seeing it’s empty, goes round to the driver’s
side.
Soon, the man is seen running back to his
vehicle holding a bag.
He pops into the passenger’s side of the
vehicle.
That’s when the truck driver spots him trying
to get away with his valuables and races after
him.
The car attempts to drive off as the man chases,
but he pauses for a moment, and for some unknown
reason, the would-be robber throws the bag
back out of the passenger’s side door, and
the trucker retrieves it.
Although it’s unclear why the robbers didn’t
complete their take off with the bag, as it
doesn’t seem like the driver was going to
catch up with them.
Maybe the sight of him was enough to scare
the wits out of them.
6.
Cut Off
Trucker Clinton Rhodes, from the Otago region
of New Zealand, captures loads of dash cam
footage that would have you raging.
Much of the footage he captures is near misses.
But this one in particular could really have
taken someone’s life - or multiple someones.
As Rhodes drives steady, a car cuts him off
to take an exit, missing his 34,000 liter-petrol
tanker by an inch.
As you can see, the car was on the opposite
side of the semi before crossing sharply over
into his lane.
Rhodes notes that drivers are impatient with
big rigs like his and often won’t wait for
the passing zone, but just go right ahead
and pass on double lines.
A very scary incident avoided.
5.
Mob Mentality
We’ve talked about this event before in
a previous video, but since then we’ve been
able to uncover more footage of this extremely
scary situation.
A trucker is cruising down a dark highway
at night with another trucker ahead of him.
Suddenly, you hear the truck ahead blare its
horn, as the big rig swerves to avoid hitting
a makeshift roadblock that a group set up.
The roadblock is trees placed across the road.
The group shines flashlights into the drivers’
eyes, likely hoping to blind them enough to
stop the big rigs.
Then they could go right ahead and take what
they want.
But no luck this time, as both drivers - and
those ahead of them - make it through.
This happened in a port city in northern France,
across the English Channel from Dover.
This second video shows the same event to
even more terrifying effect, as the dash cam
of the first truck in the lineup captures
the lead up to the event.
More of the mob appear on the road, throwing
rocks and branches and attempting to stop
the driver.
As the driver continues forward and spots
the branch, he starts to back his big rig
up.
And that’s when the mob starts shouting
and throwing stones, thinking they’ve got
him.
The sheer amount of people attacking is enough
to make one fear for his life.
But, thankfully, the driver doesn’t let
fear get to him.
He blares his horn into the night, drives
forward, and the men start jumping over the
railings.
He plows over the trees and is on his way
again.
4.
Eighteen Wheeler
This video first appeared on Real TV in 2001.
The uploader describes this footage, writing,
“This seems to happen more often than you
might think.
A truck driver might hear of a police pursuit
coming his way via CB radio and he might actually
try to block the driver's path.
In a situation like this, the suspect would
definitely have his work cut out for him.”
The clip shows dash cam footage of a taken
vehicle in Des Moines, Iowa.
When a 14-year-old runaway purchased the vehicle
with a forged check, the police soon caught
up with him.
But after they successfully pulled the young
man over, ordering him to exit the car with
his hands in the air, he peeled away.
And the chase was on!
The police car starts off slow, lending the
boy a bit of a lead.
Soon, he’s driving at speeds of nearly 100
mph, but the police are on it.
It seems they’ve radioed a semi to their
aid.
You can see the runaway try to pass, as the
semi swerves into both lanes, blocking his
path.
But the runaway takes an off-ramp, which leads
nowhere.
He’s then driving into fields, his vehicle
spitting up dirt and grass as he peels off
again.
The detour somehow leads back to the highway,
where the runaway is again blocked behind
the semi.
The boy’s tire blows up and sparks are seen
flying everywhere.
He soon veers onto the shoulder, still trying
to clear the semi.
Finally, the chase comes to an end.
The driver was, of course, taken into custody
and sentenced for his actions.
3.
Reckless Driver
Why can’t people just let truckers do their
job.
This crazy footage is from February of 2017.
The footage shows why they were so worried.
The big rig catches video of the truck driver
just sitting in his white truck on the side
of the road.
Once the rig starts moving, he follows alongside.
Then he pulls right in front of the semi.
The trucker and his passenger wonder what
in the world this guy is up to.
The passenger suggests that possibly the man
thinks the trucker cut him off.
But the trucker thinks he’s just deranged.
For a long while, the truck sits there, until
the big rig backs up.
The passenger tries to catch the white truck’s
license plate, but it’s unclear through
the rain and the distance.
All the while, the trucker continues to sit
there, while other drivers fly past.
Then, suddenly, for no apparent reason, the
white truck backs off and allows the big rig
to pass, which it then does.
The young man in the truck watches them, and
as the passenger reported, he begins driving
down the wrong side of the road, halting traffic.
According to the trucker, the man was taken
into custody and charged.
So, at least there’s a happy ending.
2.
Balancing Act
Published by Erin Cox in July of 2017.
This truck driver pulls off a big save after
his truck almost tips over.
Watch, as the trucker defies gravity, as his
back wheels lose traction for a moment, after
taking a turn too quickly.
Pulling it back in a way that certainly makes
me believer in this trucker’s driving ability.
The rig swings over, bouncing to the right
before settling on solid ground again, coming
to a stop.
It’s certainly both amazing and terrifying
he was able to pull this off, something tells
me the chances of success with that manoeuvre
are quite low.
Before we get to number 1, my name is Chills
and I hope you’re enjoying my narration.
If you’re curious about what I look like
in real life, then go to my instagram, @dylan_is_chillin_yt
and tap that follow button to find out.
It's a proven fact that generosity makes you
a happier person, so if you're generous enough
to hit that subscribe button and the bell
beside it then thank you.
This way you'll be notified of the new video
we upload every Tuesday.
1.
Near Miss
Dash Cam Owners Australia is a dedicated page
to reckless driving and traffic incidents
in - you guessed it - Australia.
In the video, you can see a truck just cruising
along a highway.
Nothing wrong with that.
Then, out of nowhere, a car pulls onto the
highway from a field.
As you can see, the car isn’t even traveling
down a designated road.
It appears to be making its own makeshift
road across the grass and, without any regard
to the safety of the semi driver cruising
down the highway, it pulls in front of it,
nearly becoming flattened.
Luckily, the truck driver was reactive enough
to pull into the opposite lane and even slightly
off-road to avoid something bad from happening.
But shortly after, you can see the car speed
off in front of the big rig without a care
in the world.
I mean, you almost just took someone’s life
- and own - but no worries at all, right?
Maybe that driver should have their license
taken away.